#labels Featured
* Weebox has the following features:
{{{
* Multi-level pop up windows.

* Singleton window support. When the second pop window opened with the same ID, the former one will be closed.
$.weeboxs.open("Singleton window support", {title:'sigleton dialog', boxid:'sigle'});

* Support customized styles.
$.weeboxs.open("Support customized styles", {title:'test dialog', boxclass:'mydialogclass'});

* Solved the SELECT issue under IE browser.

* Drag effect support, via the draggable setting.
$.weeboxs.open("Drag effect support", {title:'cannot drag dialog', draggable:false});

* Content source support on Ajax, jQuery selector and Text.
$.weeboxs.open("Content source support on Text", {title:'text source dialog'});
$.weeboxs.open("#id", {title:'selector source dialog'});//use element id can omission contentType option
$.weeboxs.open(".class", {title:'selector source dialog',contentType:'selector'});
$.weeboxs.open("url", {title:'selector source dialog', contentType:'ajax'});

* Various pop up patterns, such as dialog, error promote, warning, success, wee, etc...
$.weeboxs.open("Various pop up patterns", {title:"default dialog"});//default is dialog
$.weeboxs.open("Various pop up patterns", {title:"wee dialog",type:'wee'});
$.weeboxs.open("Various pop up patterns", {title:"success dailog",type:'wee'});
.....

* Auto close support.
$.weeboxs.open("Auto close after 5 seconds", {title:"auto close dialog", timeout:5});
$.weeboxs.open("Auto close after 10 seconds.", {title:"auto close dialog", timeout:10});

* Mask effect support(Modal pop up window).
$.weeboxs.open("Mask effect support", {title:"no mask dialog",modal:false});//default is true

* Modifiable display position, central or refer to other element.
$.weeboxs.open("Modifiable display position", {title:"central dialog"});//default is center
$.weeboxs.open("Modifiable display position", {title:"refer element dialog", trigger:"referElementId"});

* Call back function support, such as onopen, on ok, on cancel, on close.
$.weeboxs.open("Call back function support", {title:"test event", onopen:function(){alert("onopen"), onok:function(){alert("onok")},oncancel:function(){alert("oncancel")},onclose:function(){alert("onclose")}};

* The title, content, and buttons can be resetted when the window has already been opened.
$.weeboxs.open("change title, content..", {title:"change dialog", onopen:function(box){box.setTitle("changed title");box.setContent("content by changed");}}
//get use getTitle(),getContent()

* Find operation can be limited only within the pop up window.
$.weeboxs.open("<input type='text' id='id'>Find operation can be limited only within the pop up window.", {title:"find dialog",onopen:function(box){box.find("#id").val("test");}});
}}}